how to achieve rapid weight loss without
diet whether it's swimsuit season or not
losing weight can be a good step to take
especially if you want a better figure a
healthier physique and overall
well-being losing weight however does
not have to equate to starvation and
shutting all foods delicious proper
exercise enough sleep determination in
self-control plus our tips on how to
achieve rapid weight loss without diet
can help you attain the slimmer figure
you want one routine exercise doing
squats and lunges religiously every day
for at least 30 minutes can do wonders
for your weight it not only burns up fat
it also sculpts your lower body with
weight training lifting dumbbells more
slowly also helps boost your metabolism
to nourish your body instead of going on
a diet
feed your body more wholesome foods like
vegetables nuts and fruits skip white
grains and fatty meat portions for
protein choose fish drink lots of warm
broth or soup before a meal to help make
you feel fuller but avoid cream based
ones instead of just one serving of
vegetables eat two or three more so that
you feel fuller longer 3 water water
water even if it has been said countless
times over water is the best beverage
you can ever get with zero calories and
it's cleansing effect water cannot be
replaced by sweetened fruit juices or
rice cold sodas these sugary beverages
wreak havoc on your system and give your
body more empty calories than is good
for you water can also boost your
metabolism by up to 30% instantly if you
prefer hot beverages green tea can also
increase your metabolism and give you a
good dose of cancer-fighting
phytochemicals
for engage in high-intensity interval
training HIIT an exercise technique that
has been shown to burn more calories
than the usual workout HIIT involves
starting off with very intense exercise
for a few minutes then switching to
easier exercises to recover then
switching back to a higher intensity and
so on this approach of alternating high
and low intensity activities burns fat
much faster and is even said to have an
after effect of continuously burning
calories in the hours even after you
have stopped exercising experts say that
this method works because of the oxygen
debt accumulated during the workout
because of this debt your body has to
keep up its metabolism to repay this
lack of oxygen to the various tissues
and organs of the body even after you've
left the gym five modify your workout
tweaking your exercises can have a large
impact on your calorie burning progress
for instance carrying dumbbells while
doing lunges and riskily walking with a
weighted vest on can increase the
calories you burn by about 8 to 10
percent 6 try yoga or other mind/body
methods keeping your stress and check is
also a factor to consider when losing
weight some people who are stressed from
work or emotional issues can lose the
motivation to stick to their workouts
stress may also have you turn to eating
more and giving in to unhealthy habits
like drinking more alcohol taking on a
mind-body exercise like meditation and
yoga can help keep your negative
emotions in check Yoga is also
beneficial to physical health certain
yoga poses build muscles and help trim
down excess fat from certain areas like
your belly
dieting is not always the answer to
losing weight a lot of yo-yo dieter z--
now realize that most diets don't work
for the majority of people because when
you stop dieting the pounds start to
come back sometimes in even greater
amounts stick to these guidelines on how
to achieve rapid weight loss without
diet daily and in a few weeks you will
notice that you shed a good number of
pounds